on The 15th June
Our first day at work was on the 15th of June 2021, an induction was conducted and we learned about everything there 
is to know about ICEP. From Leak Teams, Amazon web service, programs offered at ICEP, and ofcourse ICEP tools. All the
Organization members were properly introduced and everyone got a chance to express themselves in terms of what they 
learned during the induction. 

we learned about Devops and the difference between quality assurance, testing and also agile testing. We were also informed about the AWS programme,
we also had to sign the WIL forms and also send our git usernames electronically. One of our lead team have sent us video tutorial
that were informative and gave us a foundation on UML,APIS and the database 

on the 5th of July

On this week we continued with our registration while starting to work from home at the same time. I registered for Agile 
Foundation course and We also started with AWS educate and 
a progress monitor spreadsheet was sent to us for progress tracking so we could see if we were all doing the work. I managed 
to complete the foundation pathway on the AWS educate this week. 

on the 12th of july
I completed the AWS management console module in which i have learnt how to navigate through the AWS Console. We started with the planning
Weekly-Report project and everyone is playing their part.Since receiving the existing system, we have changed and updated the 
interface of all pages, while keeping most of the structure.
 The errors were corrected and the plan was submitted, developing the system was our next
task. We received a list of the software we need to install in order to get started with the development process.Combined the Landing page and home page into one page that serves as both, 
with links that lead to the Login and Register page respectively. 
 
on the 19 of July
With some little guidance from our leaders we managed to install all the necessary software we will be using to develop the system. 
We started with the development of the Weekly-Report project, we received a UML from our BAs, Registration and Login page were the first ones we had to 
implement.We from the developers side had to learn how to use Angular, IONIC,SCSS 
Git bash, and Vs code in order to start with the development of the system. 

i did some validation for the Weekly-Report system to allow only registered and login for Lecture and i also validated the system to only take existing emails only.
we were also told that we will start to report to office from monday and they sent us a schedule for august.

 
on th 2nd of AUGUST 

we reported to the office for the first time our lead team explained the schedule to us and told us we will have daily scrums at 10:30.
i started by doing a set up for ssh and cloning the repo of our project.
-We updated the register form (also in database) to make it so that after
selecting a department, when choosing a module it only displays the modules 
in the prior selected department. Added a few departments and their 
respective modules in DB for example/presentation purposes.
 
on 20th of AUGUST


On the Lecturer Detailed Report page, we fixed it so that after submitting the 
form from Lecturer report page, all the information submitted into the DB 
displayed.
-We are currently working on the HOD dashboard, where we are struggling to 
display the HOD details “Onload” from the database. Collecting the submitted 
lecturer reports to display, sort and search them, it still proving to be difficult 
at the moment.
-Fixed and updated the service components.
